Adjusted incorrect information for switchbot docs (#38593)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/switchbot.markdown

## Data updates

> SwitchBot devices utilize a ​​local_push​​ strategy to maintain real-time status updates. When devices detect state changes, they actively push updates to Home Assistant for immediate synchronization. For user-initiated actions through Home Assistant (e.g., turning a device on/off), the integration performs an additional proactive status fetch to ensure instant confirmation of the new state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SwitchBot devices utilize a [​​local push](/blog/2016/02/12/classifying-the-internet-of-things/#classifiers)​​ strategy to maintain real-time status updates. When devices detect state changes, they actively push updates to Home Assistant for immediate synchronization. For user-initiated actions through Home Assistant (for example, when turning a device on/off), the integration performs an additional proactive status fetch to ensure instant confirmation of the new state.
```
